unar(1)				 User Commands			       unar(1)

NAME
       unar - extract archive file contents

SYNOPSIS
       unar [OPTION]...	ARCHIVE	[FILE]...

DESCRIPTION
       Extract FILEs or	the contents of	ARCHIVE.

OPTIONS
       -o, -output-directory DIRECTORY
	      The directory to write the contents of the archive to.  Defaults
	      to the current directory.

       -f, -force-overwrite
	      Always overwrite files when a file to be unpacked	already	exists
	      on  disk.	  By  default,	the program asks the user if possible,
	      otherwise	skips the file.

       -r, -force-rename
	      Always rename files when a file to be unpacked already exists on
	      disk.

       -s, -force-skip
	      Always  skip  files when a file to be unpacked already exists on
	      disk.

       -d, -force-directory
	      Always create a containing directory for	the  contents  of  the
	      unpacked	archive.   By default, a directory is created if there
	      is more than one top-level file or folder.

       -D, -no-directory
	      Never create a containing	directory  for	the  contents  of  the
	      unpacked archive.

       -p, -password PASSWORD
	      The password to use for decrypting protected archives.

       -e, -encoding ENCODING
	      The encoding to use for filenames	in the archive,	when it	is not
	      known.  If not specified,	the program  attempts  to  auto-detect
	      the encoding used.  Use "help" or	"list" as the argument to give
	      a	listing	of all supported encodings.

       -E, -password-encoding ENCODING
	      The encoding to use for the password for the archive, when it is
	      not  known.  If not specified, then either the encoding given by
	      the -encoding option or the auto-detected	encoding is used.

       -i, -indexes
	      Instead of specifying the	files to list as filenames or wildcard
	      patterns,	specify	them as	indexes, as output by lsar.

       -nr, -no-recursion
	      Do  not attempt to extract archives contained in other archives.
	      For instance, when unpacking a .tar.gz  file,  only  unpack  the
	      .tar file	and not	its contents.

       -t, -copy-time
	      Copy  the	 file  modification  time from the archive file	to the
	      containing directory, if one is created.

       -k, -forks visible|hidden|skip
	      How to handle Mac	OS resource forks.  visible creates  AppleDou-
	      ble files	with the extension ".rsrc", hidden creates AppleDouble
	      files with the prefix  "._",  and	 skip  discards	 all  resource
	      forks.  Defaults to visible.

       -q, -quiet
	      Run in quiet mode.

       -h, -help
	      Display help information.

SEE ALSO
       lsar(1)
